{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 
\deff0\nouicompat
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 \b Help Documentation\b0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs24\lang9 \b Introduction\b0\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 Welcome to the application! This document provides guidance on how to use the various features of the platform.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs24\lang9 \b Help\b0\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 This section provides an overview of the application's functionality and how to navigate through different tasks. If you ever need assistance, refer to this section for instructions and tips.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs24\lang9 \b Fill Form\b0\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 To fill out a form:\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 1. Navigate to the \b Fill Form\b0  section.\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 2. Complete all required fields marked with an asterisk (*).\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 3. Use dropdowns, text fields, or checkboxes as necessary to input your information.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs24\lang9 \b Verify Input\b0\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 Before submitting the form, make sure all the data is correct:\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 - Check that all required fields are filled.\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 - Ensure that the values in the fields meet any format requirements (e.g., email, phone number).\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 - If there are any errors, a message will be displayed beside the respective field.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs24\lang9 \b Attach Files\b0\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 To attach files:\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 1. Navigate to the \b Attach Files\b0 section.\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 2. Click on the \b Browse\b0 or \b Choose File\b0 button.\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 3. Select the file from your device.\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 4. The file will be uploaded and attached to your form submission.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs24\lang9 \b Preview\b0\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 Before submitting your form, you can preview all the data you've entered:\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 1. Click the \b Preview\b0 button.\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 2. Review all the fields to ensure that the information is accurate.\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 3. If necessary, go back and make changes.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs24\lang9 \b Submit\b0\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 Once you're satisfied with your form:\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 1. Ensure all fields are correctly filled and files are attached.\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 2. Click the \b Submit\b0 button to send your form for processing.\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 3. A confirmation message will appear indicating that your form has been successfully submitted.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs24\lang9 \b Troubleshooting\b0\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 \b Common Issues\b0\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 1. \b Issue with form submission\b0: Ensure all required fields are filled before submission.\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 2. \b Error uploading file\b0: Verify that the file is in a supported format and does not exceed the size limit.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 \b Contact Support\b0\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 If you encounter any issues not covered in this document, please reach out to our support team via email at \b support@domain.com\b0.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs24\lang9 \b Conclusion\b0\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 We hope this documentation helps you navigate the platform effectively. For further assistance, refer to the \b Help\b0 section within the app.\par
}
